## **TimeScribe Web App**

TimeScribe is a simplified time-tracking tool that allows users to easily log their activities and view the total time spent. With a clean interface and intuitive features, TimeScribe empowers users to manage their focus and track their workflow effectively.

## Getting Started
To get started with QuickTrack, clone the repository to your local machine and open the `index.html` file in your browser.

## Features
- Start, pause, and stop time tracking sessions.
- Log past events manually.
- View a list of all recorded sessions with details.
- View a summarized record of time spent in the current week in the Analytics page.

## File Structure
- `index.html`: Main HTML file for the QuickTrack web app.
- `css/`: Directory containing CSS stylesheets.
- `js/`: Directory containing JavaScript files.
  - `modules/`: Directory containing modular JavaScript files.
    - `storage.js`: JavaScript module for storing and retrieving data in localStorage. Handles saving, retrieving, and deleting tasks from localStorage.
    - `chart.js`: JavaScript module for generating charts and analytics. Handles the creation of charts and visualization of data.
  - `timer.js`: JavaScript file for time tracking functionalities. Manages the start, pause, and stop actions of the timer, as well as manual event logging and updating the UI.
- `README.md`: This README file.

## Usage
1. Start a new time tracking session by clicking the "Start" button.
2. Enter details of your current task and begin timing.
3. Stop the timer when the task is completed.
4. View logs of all recorded sessions and delete entries if needed.
5. Navigate to the Analytics page to view a summarized record of time spent in the current week.

## Contributing
Contributor to TimeScribe 
- Kanika Goyal
- Samadrita Choudhary
- Faizan Shaikh
- Aamir Khan

Full development procress can be seen here, how we utitlized Pull request for each functinality and fixes: https://github.com/izancode/quicktrack




In the `timer.js` file, we implemented the functionality to start, pause, and stop time tracking sessions. We also provided the ability to log past events manually. The code has been modularized using JavaScript modules to simplify and organize the codebase.

In the `storage.js` file, we created a JavaScript module to handle localStorage operations. This module is responsible for saving, retrieving, and deleting tasks from localStorage.

Total hours progress bar is tracked by utilizing the functions `getTotalHoursForToday`, `getTotalHoursForThisWeek`, and `getTotalHoursForThisMonth` from the `calculate-time.js` module. These functions calculate the total hours worked for today, this week, and this month respectively, by retrieving tasks from localStorage and performing calculations. The progress bar is then updated with the calculated total hours.


## **KnowledgeHut upGrad | JavaScript Starter Template 2.0**

This is the new version of the create-js-app that incorporates the Vite development tool instead of the Parcel bundler as used in v1.0 of this utility. Vite (https://vitejs.dev) brings tremendous performance boost to the development environment.

A sample application has been made available in the src folder which you can edit as needed.

- `src/index.html` : This is the root HTML document
- `src/js/index.js`: This is the main JavaScript file which is imported into the HTML document. You can directly start building the application here. When you open this file, you will see some code present already. More on this below.
- `src/css/style.css`: This is the main stylesheet. Feel free to edit its contents.
- `src/api`: This folder contains scripts that provide a simulated backend that you can use in development, if needed. This is powered by Mock Service Worker (https://mswjs.io). If you're building data/remote API based apps, you can use this utility to simulate an API without actually building one during development.

  - `src/api/browser.js`: Please do not edit this file. It enables the use of Mock Service Worker.
  - `src/api/routes.js`: This file may be edited to incorporate custom API routes for Mock Server Worker. By default, a root route (/) that returns a text message as a JSON object is present. You can learn more about MSW and how to define your own custom API routes for development by visiting https://mswjs.io/docs/

- `src/public`: This folder contains the MSW utility file (mockServiceWorker.js) which should not be edited/removed. Any files you place in this folder can be directly accessed in your HTML document. Use this for placing static assets such as images.

**Instructions**

- **Development** : Run `npm run dev` - This will start the development server and open the app in the default browser. You can then work with the files in the src/ folder and can see instant updates in the browser.
- **Production Build**: Run `npm run build` - This will produce a build edition that you can then deploy on the cloud/host on a static file service such as GitHub pages or surge.sh. We recommend trying https://surge.sh for deploying static apps. Please note that the build also copies down the mockServiceWorker.js file into the dist folder. You can safely remove this file from the dist folder before deploying your app.
